Calm Mahogany Seahorse

medium

# Signature malleability allows to execution of certain actions twice in TitlesGraph

## Summary
The Solady library doesn't support the signature malleability check. This means that by altering an already sent signature a malicious user can pass signature validation once, and hence repeating the action that the legitimate user executed.
## Vulnerability Detail
As per the documentation of Salady library, `SignatureCheckerLib` does not handle malleability check:
```solidity
/// WARNING! Do NOT use signatures as unique identifiers:
/// - Use a nonce in the digest to prevent replay attacks on the same contract.
/// - Use EIP-712 for the digest to prevent replay attacks across different chains and contracts.
///   EIP-712 also enables readable signing of typed data for better user safety.
/// This implementation does NOT check if a signature is non-malleable.
```
This means that such handling must be implemented outside of the library. The `TitlesGraph` includes a modifier where the protection against replay attacks is done, but it is not sufficient:
```solidity
    modifier checkSignature(bytes32 edgeId, bytes calldata data, bytes calldata signature) {
        bytes32 digest = _hashTypedData(keccak256(abi.encode(ACK_TYPEHASH, edgeId, data)));
        if (
            !edges[edgeId].to.creator.target.isValidSignatureNowCalldata(digest, signature)
                || _isUsed[keccak256(signature)]
        ) {
            revert Unauthorized();
        }
        _;
        _isUsed[keccak256(signature)] = true;
    }
```
It records the used signature in a mapping, but not its second variant, which can still be used.

## Impact
At allows a malicious user to repeat the action of the rightful user. Example:
1. Rightful user acknowledges an Edge x.
2. Rightful user unacknowledges an Edge x.
3. Malicious user acknowledges the same Edge x by calling `acknowledge()` with malleable version of the signature from point 1.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/graph/TitlesGraph.sol#L49

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
There are couple of solutions:
1. use the OZ library, it protects against this type of attack.
2. Implement nonces in signatures. Even if there is a different valid signature it won't be allowed as the nonce was already used.
3. Add also the symmetric signature to the `_isUsed` mapping.
