Shambolic Burgundy Lark

medium

# Cross-Chain Signature Replay Attack in `TitlesGraph.checkSignature()`

## Summary

`TitlesGraph.checkSignature()` doesn't check for chainId allowing for cross-chain signature replay attacks.

## Vulnerability Detail

The protocol is meant to be deployed on multiples chains according to the README:

> #### Q: On what chains are the smart contracts going to be deployed?
> Ethereum, Base, OP, Zora, Blast, Arbitrum, zkSync, Degen

TitlesGraph has a `checkSignature` modifier used to check the signature for a proxied acknowledgment in `TitlesGraph.acknowledgeEdge()` and `TitlesGraph.unacknowledgeEdge()`.

```solidity
    /// @notice Modified to check the signature for a proxied acknowledgment.
    modifier checkSignature(bytes32 edgeId, bytes calldata data, bytes calldata signature) {
        bytes32 digest = _hashTypedData(keccak256(abi.encode(ACK_TYPEHASH, edgeId, data)));
        if (
            !edges[edgeId].to.creator.target.isValidSignatureNowCalldata(digest, signature)
                || _isUsed[keccak256(signature)]
        ) {
            revert Unauthorized();
        }
        _;
        _isUsed[keccak256(signature)] = true;
    }
```

However, it is vulnerable to cross-chain replay attacks because it doesn't check for `chainId` in the current implementation as specified by the [Solady SignatureCheckerLib doc](https://github.com/Vectorized/solady/blob/a34977e56cc1437b7ac07e6356261d2b303da686/src/utils/SignatureCheckerLib.sol#L19-L23):

> /// WARNING! Do NOT use signatures as unique identifiers:
> /// - Use a nonce in the digest to prevent replay attacks on the same contract.
> /// - Use EIP-712 for the digest to prevent replay attacks across different chains and contracts.
> ///   EIP-712 also enables readable signing of typed data for better user safety.
> /// This implementation does NOT check if a signature is non-malleable.

## Impact

Signature replay attack leading to unfair authorized calls to acknowledgeEdge() / unacknowledgeEdge().

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/Vectorized/solady/blob/a34977e56cc1437b7ac07e6356261d2b303da686/src/utils/SignatureCheckerLib.sol#L19-L23
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/graph/TitlesGraph.sol#L39-L50

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a `chainId` check in the `checkSignature` modifier.