Nutty Amethyst Snake

medium

# Manipulated `edge.acknowledged` due to signature applying both to `TitlesGraph::acknowledgeEdge()` and `TitlesGraph::unacknowledgeEdge()`

## Summary

`TitlesGraph::acknowledgeEdge()` and `TitlesGraph::unacknowledgeEdge()` use exactly the same signature, which means that someone may frontrun one of these calls and do the opposite of the intended.

## Vulnerability Detail

`TitlesGraph::acknowledgeEdge()` and `TitlesGraph::unacknowledgeEdge()` allow the creator or entity to modifiy the `acknowledged` status of an edge using a signature signed offchain. However, the same signature can be used in both functions, allowing attackers to spot the signature and frontrun the transaction in the mempool and set `edge.acknowledged` to the opposite value of what was intended. 

The `creator` may overwrite the value later using one of `TitlesGraph::acknowledgeEdge()` or `TitlesGraph::unacknowledgeEdge()` that do not require a signature, but it would still leave a window of opportunity where the `acknowledgement` was gamed. As stated in the [readme](https://audits.sherlock.xyz/contests/326), issues showing manipulation of acknowledgement should be considered valid, demonstrating the relevance of this finding:

> In addition to the security of funds, we would also like there to be focus on the sanctity of the data in the TitlesGraph and the permissioning around it (only the appropriate people/contracts can signal reference and acknowledgement of reference).

## Impact

Manipulated `edge.acknowledged` value by an attacker.

## Code Snippet

[TitlesGraph::acknowledgeEdge()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/graph/TitlesGraph.sol#L118) and [TitlesGraph::unacknowledgeEdge()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/graph/TitlesGraph.sol#L131)
```solidity
...
function acknowledgeEdge(bytes32 edgeId_, bytes calldata data_, bytes calldata signature_)
    external
    checkSignature(edgeId_, data_, signature_)
    returns (Edge memory edge)
{
    return _setAcknowledged(edgeId_, data_, true);
}
...
function unacknowledgeEdge(bytes32 edgeId_, bytes calldata data_, bytes calldata signature_)
    external
    checkSignature(edgeId_, data_, signature_)
    returns (Edge memory edge)
{
    return _setAcknowledged(edgeId_, data_, false);
}
...

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

Vscode

## Recommendation

Use a different `typehash` for each function. The arguments may remain the same (`edgeId` and `data`), changing the struct name from `Ack` to `AcknowledgeEdge` and `UnacknowledgeEdge`, should be enough to generate different signatures.
