Fantastic Cloud Frog

high

# FeeManager will not return excessive ETH, so _refundExcess will not work, and mintBatch will fail

## Summary
The _refundExcess function does not effectively refund excess ETH sent during the minting process due to the behavior of FEE_MANAGER.collectMintFee. This results in excess ETH being trapped within the FEE_MANAGER which could be exploited by an attacker to call mint and send less eth.

## Vulnerability Detail
The mint function in Edition.sol calls the FEE_MANAGER.collectMintFee function to collect the minting fee. However, any excess ETH sent by the user is not returned by FEE_MANAGER.collectMintFee. As a result, the _refundExcess function, which is supposed to refund the excess ETH to the user, has no effect since there is no remaining balance in the contract after the fee collection.

This vulnerability allows the excess ETH to accumulate in the FEE_MANAGER contract. Malicious attackers can then exploit this trapped ETH to pay for their own mint fees, effectively minting tokens at a lower cost or even for free.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is that malicious attackers can take advantage of the trapped excess ETH to pay for their own mint fees. This can lead to a loss of revenue for the contract owner and potentially allow attackers to mint tokens at a reduced cost or without paying the required fees.

Also, mintBatch will fail because Edition has no eth when `i >= 1`
```solidity
    /// @notice Mint multiple tokens for the given works.
    /// @param to_ The address to mint the tokens to.
    /// @param tokenIds_ The IDs of the works to mint.
    /// @param amounts_ The amounts of each work to mint.
    /// @param data_ The data associated with the mint. Reserved for future use.
    function mintBatch(
        address to_,
        uint256[] calldata tokenIds_,
        uint256[] calldata amounts_,
        bytes calldata data_
    ) external payable {
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokenIds_.length; i++) {
            Work storage work = works[tokenIds_[i]];

            // wake-disable-next-line reentrancy
            FEE_MANAGER.collectMintFee{value: msg.value}(
                this, tokenIds_[i], amounts_[i], msg.sender, address(0), work.strategy
            );

            _checkTime(work.opensAt, work.closesAt);
            _updateSupply(work, amounts_[i]);
        }

        _batchMint(to_, tokenIds_, amounts_, data_);
        _refundExcess();
    }
```

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L228-L242
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L183

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix this vulnerability, it is recommended to modify the FEE_MANAGER.collectMintFee function to return any excess ETH after collecting the required fees. This way, the _refundExcess function can correctly refund the excess ETH to the user.

