Fun Banana Chameleon

high

# Attacker can abuse FeeManager's collectMintFee to drain FeeManager

## Summary

The function to collect fee on FeeManager `collectMintFee()` is unprotected and can be called by anyone (especially the fee recipient of a specific work) to drain the ether in `FeeManager`.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `collectMintFee()` has no authorization and can be called by anyone:

```solidity
    function collectMintFee(
        IEdition edition,
        uint256 tokenId_,
        uint256 amount_,
        address payer_,
        address referrer_,
        Strategy calldata strategy_
    ) external payable {  // @audit-issue no protection, can siphon any funds
        _collectMintFee(
            edition, tokenId_, amount_, payer_, referrer_, getMintFee(strategy_, amount_)
        );
    }
```

The internal function `_collectMintFee()` will compute the fee to be paid to edition referrer, mint referrer (provided input), (edition, tokenId) fee receivers, and protocol. It will then `route` (transfer) the fee:

```solidity
    function _collectMintFee(
        IEdition edition_,
        uint256 tokenId_,
        uint256 amount_,
        address payer_,
        address referrer_,
        Fee memory fee_
    ) internal {
        if (fee_.amount == 0) return;

        ...

        uint256 protocolFee = protocolFlatFee * amount_;
        uint256 protocolShare;
        if (fee_.amount == protocolFee) {
            protocolShare = protocolFee * protocolFeeshareBps / MAX_BPS;
        } else {
            protocolShare = protocolFee;
        }

        _route(
            Fee({asset: fee_.asset, amount: fee_.amount - protocolShare}),
            _feeReceivers[getRouteId(edition_, tokenId_)],
            payer_
        );

        uint256 referrerShare =
            _splitProtocolFee(edition_, fee_.asset, protocolShare, payer_, referrer_);
        emit FeeCollected(address(edition_), tokenId_, fee_.asset, fee_.amount, referrerShare);
    }
```

This can be called by anyone to transfer any amount of eth from `FeeManager` to a split of addresses.

## Impact

Anyone can create a new edition through `TitlesCore` which will create a route on the `FeeManager` with user-provided inputs. This will also set up the edition's referrer with user-provided input. Lastly, the mint referrer is provided as input of the `FeeManager.collectMintFee()` function.

Anyone can control 3 out of the 4 addresses receiving ether as a result of `collectMintFee()`, the uncotrolled address being `protocolFeeReceiver` which receives a limited amount of eth from the mint.

As a result, anyone can drain all the ether from `FeeManager` minus some small protocol fee amount.

The documentation for the contest states about the `ADMIN_ROLE` and the `withdraw()` function of the `FeeManager`:

> ADMIN_ROLE (Trusted) => Granted by the deployer to internal, trusted addresses only.
>
> On FeeManager, this role can:
> 3) Withdraw any funds locked in the contract (withdraw). This is the only way to withdraw funds from the contract.

Which does not hold.

This vulnerability can additionally be exploited by any fee recipient of a mint to drain any overpaid amount to the FeeManager as a re-entrancy upon receiving fees. Knowing the Edition transfer the total `msg.value` received during a mint to the `FeeManager`, any fee recipient may drain the overpaid user ether that will never be reimbursed to the user.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L183-L213

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Do not hold funds in FeeManager. Currently the FeeManager receives the total `msg.value` from the Edition during a mint, which is problematic as this may leave ether on the FeeManager that can be drained by anyone.
