Powerful Mossy Armadillo

medium

# Not all `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE` functions can be called

## Summary
The `TitlesCore.sol` contract is set as the `controller` of a newly deployed `Edition.sol` contract during the call of the `initialize()` function. This gives the `TitlesCore` contract the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE` in the edition contract. However because it does not call all of the functions whose access is restricted to this role some of the functions cannot be used at all.

## Vulnerability Detail
In `TitlesCore.sol: createEdition()` we make a clone of the edition implementation and initialize it with `initialize()`. In the `Edition.sol: initialize()` function a controller can be specified that will receive the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE`:
```solidity
function initialize(,,, //removed for simplicity
        address controller_,) external initializer {
//...
        _grantRoles(controller_, EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE);
        _grantRoles(owner_, EDITION_PUBLISHER_ROLE);
```
When we call `initialize()` in `TitlesCore.sol: createEdition()` the TitlesCore contract itself is set as the controller:
```solidity
edition.initialize(feeManager, graph, payload.work.creator.target, address(this), payload.metadata);
```
This means that `TitlesCore.sol` receives the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE` and is the only address that has it. However the `TitlesCore` contract does not call  `grantRoles()`, `revokeRoles()`  from `Edition.sol` which are functions that can be called only by addresses that have this role. This means that these functions cannot be used at all.

## Impact
The functions `grantRoles()` and `revokeRoles()` from `Edition.sol` cannot be used at all.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L82-L84
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L89
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L427
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L437

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Call these functions from the `TitlesCore` contract or give the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE` to the owner for example.
