Round Frost Panther

medium

# Signature malleability allows replaying signatures

## Summary

`TitlesGraph` is vulnerable to signature malleability, allowing users to play signatures two times.

## Vulnerability Detail

The solady `SignatureCheckerLib.sol` library doesn't check for non-malleability as shows the [GitHub issue #524](https://github.com/Vectorized/solady/issues/524).

Once a signature is used, `TitlesGraph` hashes this signature and mark it as used so it can't be replayed.

However, due to ECDSA signature malleability, a second valid signature can be generated without knowing the associated private key. This new signature results in a different hash, so it will be usable a second time.

## Impact

Signatures are replayable, allowing attackers to modify acknowledge/unacknowledge settings.

## Code Snippet

[The `checkSignature` modifier](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/graph/TitlesGraph.sol#L40-L50) verifies a signature. [It checks that the signature is not used](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/graph/TitlesGraph.sol#L44).
Once used, the signature is hashed and is marked as used through the `_isUsed` mapping.

```solidity
    modifier checkSignature(bytes32 edgeId, bytes calldata data, bytes calldata signature) {
        bytes32 digest = _hashTypedData(keccak256(abi.encode(ACK_TYPEHASH, edgeId, data)));
        if (
            !edges[edgeId].to.creator.target.isValidSignatureNowCalldata(digest, signature)
                || _isUsed[keccak256(signature)]// @POC: Check if signature is used, but malleability will bypass it
        ) {
            revert Unauthorized();
        }
        _;
        _isUsed[keccak256(signature)] = true;// @POC: Mark signature as used
    }
```

However, due to ECDSA malleability, another valid signature can be generated.
This signature will result in a different hash, so it will not be marked as used and will be usable.

## Scenario

- **Step 1**: Bob acknowledges an edge by using an EOA signature through `acknowledgeEdge`
- **Step 2**: Bob changes his mind and calls `unacknowledgeEdge`
- **Step 3**: Alice takes Bob's signature used at step 1, calculates the new signature through ECDSA malleability and calls `acknowledgeEdge` with this signature

Final Result: The status of the edge is acknowledged by Bob.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adding a nonce to signatures.
When a signature is used, mark the nonce as used.
By doing so, the signature will not be replayable.

Another way to fix the issue is to use OpenZeppelin library for signature verification, it forbids signature malleability.
