Macho Pickle Condor

high

# If there are more than 255 attributions, only first 255 will get the fee distribution

## Summary
Since there is no hard limit on how many attributions one collection can have, it means that it could potentially have multiple hundreds of them. However, only the first 255 attributions will receive their fee distribution, while the rest won't. Depending on how significant the fees are, missing them could result in an indirect loss for other users. 

## Vulnerability Detail
When publishing the new work in the given edition, one can add multiple attributions for individuals who are supposed to receive fees for their models being used. This functionality can be observed in the `_publish `function of the `TitlesCore.sol` file.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L120-L149

In the same function the function `createRoute` of the `FeeManager.sol` contract is called and the attributions are forwarded. 
Furthermore, `createRoute` function calls the ` _buildSharesAndTargets` further passing the attributions array. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L125-L160

However, if we take a closer look at the `_buildSharesAndTargets` function, attribution shares are casted to uint32 attributions array length ` uint32 attributionShares = uint32(attributions.length);`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L476-L498

Later on, we go over attributionShares but defining the counter of the for loop as uint8 which means that it can only count until 255, preventing other attributions to get their fees. 

```solidity
for (uint8 i = 0; i < attributionShares; i++) {
            targets[i + 1] = attributions[i].target;
            shares[i + 1] = attributionRevShare;
        }
```


Although the sponsor mentioned in a [ Discord ](https://discord.com/channels/812037309376495636/1231982888266895372/1232612650173599807)a limit of 255 attributions, this limit was not explicitly stated in either the README or the contract logic, which means that it is feasible with the current state of the contracts. Also in the `SplitV2.sol` contract there is no limit on how many recipients are allowed. 

## Impact
Many users may not receive their fees 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L476-L498

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Set the hard limit in the contract and either use it as a modifier or include a require statement to check the maximum length of the attribute array.