Loud Porcelain Bull

medium

# The `editionImplementation` state variable in the TitlesCore is not initalized in the `initialize()` function

## Summary

The ﻿`editionImplementation` state variable in `TitlesCore` is not initialized in the ﻿initialize() function. To set it correctly, the team must manually call the ﻿`setEditionImplementation()` function. If they forget to do so, the core function ﻿`createEdition()` will not function correctly.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
contract TitlesCore is OwnableRoles, Initializable, UUPSUpgradeable, Receiver {
    ...
    address public editionImplementation = address(new Edition());
    ...
    function initialize(address feeReceiver_, address splitFactory_) external initializer {
        _initializeOwner(msg.sender);

        feeManager = new FeeManager(msg.sender, feeReceiver_, splitFactory_);
        graph = new TitlesGraph(address(this), msg.sender);
    }
    ...
```
The `TitlesCore` contract is a UUPSUpgradeable contract. However, the `editionImplementation` state variable within it is only set in the implementation contract, it is not initialized in the proxy contract (seen from the above code, initialize() does not update editionImplementation). If `editionImplementation` is uninitialized, the `createEdition()` function will not work correctly.

## Impact
If `editionImplementation` is leave uninitialized, the core function ﻿`createEdition()` will not function correctly. Although the team can use the `setEditionImplementation()` function to set the `editionImplementation`, if some user calls the `createEdition()` before `setEditionImplementation()` is called, the `createEdition()` call will fail, which would confuse the user and harm the project's reputation.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L37
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L44-L49

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to set the `editionImplementation` state variable in the `initialize()` function.