Calm Mahogany Seahorse

medium

# Risky UUPSUpgradeable implementation at TitlesCore contract

## Summary
The current `TitlesCore` contract inherits `UUPSUpgradeable` so it is enabled for the UUPS upgrade concept. 
The `TitlesCore` implementation contract after deployment could be initialised by a malicious user by calling the `initilize()`. This way control over implementation could by taken over.
## Vulnerability Detail
As per the `UUPSUpgradeable` implementation documentation, the following code needs to be present to avoid initialising the implementation contract:
```solidity
constructor() {
    _disableInitializers();
}
```
which is not there. Hence anyone can initialise the implementation.

## Impact
This will have no effect as changing of any storage value on the implemention won't change the implementation logic as everything is done through proxy's `delegatecall`. Yet if in the future you implement something that is calling an external contract through `delegatecall` on the implementation, you risk the implementation being self destruct. I didn't find anything there that would have delegatecall so you are safe for now, but for the future you should follow that recommendation. 

So as per the README file:

> Should potential issues, like broken assumptions about function behavior, be reported if they could pose 
> risks in future integrations, even if they might not be an issue in the context of the scope? 
> If yes, can you elaborate on properties/invariants that should hold?
> Yes.

It can be treated as potential danger for the future.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L32

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the constructor to the `TitlesCore` contract and disable initialisation:
```diff
+constructor() {
+    _disableInitializers();
+}
```