Loud Porcelain Bull

medium

# Malicious users can create inappropriate editions or works where the `creator` is attributed to other people, thereby harming their reputation

## Summary

Users can create an Edition or publish a work and input other people's address as the `﻿creator` for the edition or work. Therefore, if a malicious user wants to harm an innocent user's reputation, they can create an inappropriate edition or work whose ﻿creator information points to the innocent user.


## Vulnerability Detail

The `createEdition()` and `publish()` functions in the `TitlesCore` do not have any restriction on the `creator` info in the `payload_` calldata. This allows users to create an edition or publish a work, falsely attributing it to someone else's address as the ﻿creator.
A malicious user could exploit this vulnerability to harm an innocent user's reputation. For instance, if I have a personal grudge against Bob (whose ENS address is bob.eth), I could create an inappropriate edition or work with offensive content and attribute it to bob.eth. When others see this work, they may think less of Bob.


> Additional audit information.
>
> In addition to the security of funds, we would also like there to be focus on the sanctity of the data in the TitlesGraph and the permissioning around it (only the appropriate people/contracts can signal reference and acknowledgement of reference).

According to the contest [details](https://audits.sherlock.xyz/contests/326), the contest sponsor stresses the importance of data sanctity in TitlesGraph. Given their emphasis, I believe they will be highly interested in this issue.

## Impact

A malicious user can harm an innocent user's reputation by creating an inappropriate edition or work and falsely attributing it to the innocent user by inputting their address as the creator.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L72-L96
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L103-L113
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to require that the `creator` be the `msg.sender` in the `createEdition()` and `publish()` functions.
It should also be noted that one can additionally use the `Edition.transferWork()` to reset the `creator` of a work; thus, you should also consider removing the `transferWork()` function. 