Clumsy Brick Crane

high

# Users can create self-references and mint with half the price

## Summary
The `mint()` function allows users to mint a token by paying fee, but exploiting self-referral enables the  fee paid to mint the token to be halved, with the user pocketing the remaining fee share thus violating protocol rules and functioning.

## Vulnerability Detail

The protocol fee is established so that when the `Edition::mint()` function is invoked with a reference, the referrer receives half of the share from the protocol fee. Presently, users are required to pay a fee of `0.0006 ether` to mint a token. However, if a user sets themselves as the referrer, they can mint a new token at half the fee price, with the other half retained by the user themselves.

Here's a scenario to demonstrate this issue:

```javascript 
   function test_BobMints() public {
        address bob = makeAddr("bob");
        vm.prank(bob);
        vm.deal(bob, 0.0106 ether);
        console.log(" Balance Before:");
        console.log(" minter's balance:  %e",address(bob).balance);
        edition.mint{value: 0.0106 ether}(address(bob), 1, 1, address(bob), new bytes(0));
        assertEq(edition.totalSupply(1), 1);
        console.log(" Balance After: ");
        console.log(" minter's balance:  %e",address(bob).balance);
```

From the above example we can see that:

 A user `bob`  makes a self reference which eventually leads to minting of a new token with the half the fee as he is receiving the reference fee.  Due to self reference he is thus capable of minting tokens with half the fee.

```diff
[PASS] test_BobMints() (gas: 215066)
Logs:
   Balance Before: 
   minter's balance: 1.06e16
   Balance After: 
   minter's balance: 3e14
```
Thus from the output it is clear that the protocol didn't receive the `0.0006 ether` it was supposed to, while the remaining half is retained by `Bob` due to creation of self-referral.

## Impact

 It creates an unfair advantage for users who exploit the vulnerability, undermining the integrity of the minting system anytime a user makes self reference. 
By exploiting the vulnerability, the user can mint a new token at half price, as the other half of the reference fee is returned to them, ultimately disrupting the functionality of the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L228-L242

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

By not allowing users to enter their own address as the referrer and thus discouraging creation of self reference.
