Calm Mahogany Seahorse

medium

# Not possible to assign EDITION_MINTER_ROLE in Edition

## Summary
The `EDITION_MINTER_ROLE` is a role that is allowed to execute `Edition.promoMint()`
## Vulnerability Detail
In `Edition` contract the `grantRoles()` and `revokeRoles()` can only be called by the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE` role. That role is granted only to the `TitlesCore` address (the deployer of the `Edition`). And `TitlesCore` lacks any function that would allow calling `grantRoles()` and `revokeRoles()` on its Editions. It is impossible to assign `EDITION_MINTER_ROLE` to any address.

## Impact
While the `Edition.promoMint()` can still be executed by the owner of the contract, the README states that `EDITION_MINTER_ROLE` is a valid role with such right too. Hence the lack of granting impairs the protocols functionality.

So as per the README file:

> Should potential issues, like broken assumptions about function behavior, be reported if they could pose 
> risks in future integrations, even if they might not be an issue in the context of the scope? 
> If yes, can you elaborate on properties/invariants that should hold?
> Yes.

That would constitute as an issue.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L329

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add `grantMinterRole()` and `revokeMinterRole()` to `Edition` which will be similar to `grantPublisherRole()` and `revokePublisherRole()` so that it can be granted to a valid address.