Huge Basil Sparrow

high

# Roles within any `Edition` contract can never be granted/revoked

## Summary
`Edition.grantRoles` and `Edition.revokeRoles` are uncallable by the owner of an Edition, leading to lost protocol functionality.

The protocol intends the following functionality for the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE`:
> EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE (Restricted) =>
> On an Edition, this role can:
> 1) Publish a new work with any desired configuration (publish). This is the only way to create new works after the Edition is created.
> 2) Mint promotional copies of any work (promoMint). There are no limitations on this action aside from the work's supply cap and minting period.
> 3) Set the Edition's ERC2981 royalty receiver (setRoyaltyTarget). This is the only way to change the royalty receiver for the Edition.
> 4) Grant or revoke any role to/from any address (grantRole, revokeRole).

However 2/4 of these functionalities (3 and 4) will not be possible due to the bug.

## Vulnerability Detail
When each `Edition` contract is initialised by the `TitlesCore` contract, the `TitlesContract` is given the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE`. This is shown here:

```solidity
function initialize(
        FeeManager feeManager_,
        TitlesGraph graph_,
        address owner_,
        address controller_,
        Metadata calldata metadata_
    ) external initializer {
        // Other code omitted

        _grantRoles(controller_, EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE); // TitlesCore is granted the manager role

        // Other code omitted
    }
```

Hence, the following two functions can only be called by the `TitlesCore` contract. However, the `TitlesCore` contract does not have any logic that can call `Edition.grantRoles` or `Edition.revokeRoles`.

```solidity
function grantRoles(address user_, uint256 roles_)
        public
        payable
        override
        onlyRoles(EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE)
    {
        _grantRoles(user_, roles_);
    }

    /// @inheritdoc OwnableRoles
    function revokeRoles(address user_, uint256 roles_)
        public
        payable
        override
        onlyRoles(EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE)
    {
        _removeRoles(user_, roles_);
    }
```

As a result, these functions are uncallable. This means that the owner of an edition will not be able to grant roles such as the `EDITION_MINTER_ROLE` to anybody. This means that only the owner will be allowed to call `promoMint()`, while the project intends for the owner to be able to allow others to call `promoMint` via the `EDITION_MINTER_ROLE` as stated here:
> EDITION_MINTER_ROLE (Restricted) =>
>On an Edition, this role can:
>1) Mint promotional copies of any work (promoMint). There are no limitations on this action aside from the work's supply >cap and minting period.

Also, they won't be able to grant `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE` to anybody else, which renders the `setRoyaltyTarget()` function useless after initialisation since it also has the `onlyRoles(EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE)` modifier.

**In total:** the functionality of `grantRole()`, `revokeRole()`, `setRoyaltyTarget()`are completely blocked due to this logical bug. 

## Impact
Edition owners will not be able to grant or revoke roles on an edition. As a result, a large amount of core protocol functionality is lost- user is never being able to grant various important roles to anybody. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/c9d16782a7d3c15c7a759f22c9e0552d5e777ed7/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L423-L440

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change the modifier to `onlyRolesOrOwner` rather than `onlyRoles`. 