Slow Hazelnut Kangaroo

medium

# EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE or EDITION_PUBLISHER_ROLE may spam an Edition with lots of unusable works.

## Summary
Due to data invalidation, EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE or EDITION_PUBLISHER_ROLE (restricted roles) may spam an Edition with lots of unusable works. These works may render a very bad UI experience to users.

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's assume an Edition has been properly and honestly created. After the Edition matures and roles are given to different users to become the EDITION_PUBLISHER_ROLE  or the EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE, there might be a malicious user that may use any of those restricted roles to spam an Edition with multiple works that are unusable by doing one of the following:
1. Publishing a work with `maxSupply` equal 0, meaning that any token for that work might not be `_issue`d.
2. Publishing a work with `opensAt` property being bigger than `closesAt` property, since this is not checked when a work is published in an Edition - which is going to make it so that any token won't be `_issue`d.
3. Even if a solution to these two problems above is found, a work's creator may easily set the `opensAt` to be bigger (or equal to) than `closesAt` using the `setTimeframe` function - where no validation for `opensAt`>`closesAt` is made as well.
The problem becomes even bigger if there are no fees to be paid for publishing works.

## Impact
There are multiple impacts to this issue. A malicious user with the right role might spam an Edition, making it lose its reputation - and consequently, making the Edition's owner lose credibility. Also, the lack of validation on inputs may impact the protocol's UI,  undermining users' trust in the protocol. For clarity, imagine a user that sees an Edition whose works have an end date that is already past, but that is yet to start?

## Code Snippet
The bugs are found in the following lines.

No check whatsoever inside the `_publish` function or before it when:
1. Creating an Edition in TitlesCore.sol
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L126-L134
2. Publishing a work in Edition.sol
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L103-L131

No validation (besides the sender being the work's creator) on the supposed timestamps in https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L401-L410

No validation for maxSupply is made of `maxSupply` being set as 0 upon publishing to avoid nobody minting tokens for a certain work on an Edition since the `_updateSupply` function would revert if `work.maxSupply` is 0 https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L494-L498

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Add validation on work.maxSupply being at least a minimum threshold
2. Add validation for `work.opensAt` being smaller than `work.closesAt` when publishing in an Edition's creation in TitlesCore, in a work's publishing inside an Edition and inside the setTimeframe function.
