Feisty Cerulean Shell

high

# There is no validation on the `FeeManager::collectMintFee` function, anyone can call it

## Summary
There is no validation on the caller and input to the `FeeManager::collectMintFee` function. The function can be called by any user with any parameters. Because of the error described [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles-BengalCatBalu/issues/3) Title: `In the FeeManager.sol::_splitProtocolFee function, the collectionReffererShare recipient is misspelled.` the refferer_ specified in the function gets 75% of protocolFee (without this error - it gets 50% of protocolFee). Moreover, when sending ethereum to the refferef_ address, the function transfers control, which together with the fact that the function has no validation can lead to ReentrancyAttack and withdrawal of funds from the FeeManager contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
The FeeManager contract manages the payment of commissions between users.  The function [`FeeManager::collectMintFee`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L183-L183) is called by the `Edition.sol` contract to pay commissions for mint. However, this function has no validation to call, literally anyone can call it regardless of whether there was a mint or not, and specify the parameters themselves (the most important parameters we are interested in are refferer_ and amount_).

So, the user just needs to take an existing Edition and work in it - these will be the edition and tokenId_ parameters respectively, specify any convenient amount_ and refferer_.

The paid commission depends on the amount_ parameter (calculated [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L250-L250).
```solidity
function getMintFee(strategy memory strategy_, uint256 quantity_)
        public
        view
        returns (Fee memory fee)
    {
        // Return the total fee (creator's mint fee + protocol flat fee)
        return Fee({asset: ETH_ADDRESS, amount: quantity_ * (strategy_.mintFee + protocolFlatFee)});
    }
```

Then the Fee structure and all previous parameters are passed to [`FeeManager::_collectMintFee`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L366-L366). Which in turn also does not perform any validation.

Further, already in the call `FeeManager::_splitProtocolFee`, the referer user is paid 50% (with an error that is in this function - 75%) of the calculated, non-zero, protocolFee. With this payment, the refferer_ control is transferred, which can be specified by anyone. This opens up an opportunity for a reentrancy attack.
## Impact
Absolutely anyone can get all the funds of FeeManager by calling this function. The attacker even has a choice, he can attack using reentrancy, or he can increase the amount and withdraw the required amount in one transaction.

Given that this contract works with a commission, it can accept funds with the receive function, as well as the errors described here and here, which increase the FeeManager balance. This vulnerability is very likely, and can lead to a large loss of funds
## Code Snippet

Score: High
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You need to add validation to msg.sender 