Shiny Cream Puppy

high

# Several functions in Edition.sol cannot be called

## Summary

When an Edition.sol contract is created, it is initialized with an `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE` equal to the TitlesCore.sol contract. The issue is that many functions can only be called by the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE`, but that would be impossible as TitlesCore.sol does not allow that.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE` is always equal to the TitlesCore.sol contract:
```solidity
edition.initialize(
     feeManager, graph, payload.work.creator.target, address(this) --> the EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE, payload.metadata
);
```

Here are the functions that should allow to be called by the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE` address: `publish, promoMint, setRoyaltyTarget, grantRoles, revokeRoles, grantPublisherRole, and revokePublisherRole`.
In order for all of these functions to be callable by the 'EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE', they must be called somewhere inside the TitlesCore.sol contract. This is true for only the `publish` and 'setRoyaltyTarget` functions, as all other functions are never called inside of TitlesCore.sol.
Therefore, no roles can ever be granted or revoked, and only the owner can call `grantPublisherRole, revokePublisherRole and promoMint`, which should not be the case.
Furthermore, as `grantRoles` can only be called by the `EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE`, the `EDITION_MINTER_ROLE` cannot ever be granted.

## Impact

`grantRole` and `revokeRole` in Edition.sol cannot be called, while other functions using the `onlyRolesOrOwner(EDITION_MANAGER_ROLE)` modifier can only be invoked by the owner, which may be problematic if the owner is a contract thar also does not implement calls to those functions. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L72-L96

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement calls in TitlesCore.sol to the functions stated above. 
