Bumpy Iron Penguin

high

# `_refundExcess()` current implementation could get transactions reverted.

## Summary
The current implementation of the `_refundExcess` method could make some users spend more funds in the minting process while others can get more funds.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the current implementaion we are using `address(this).balance` there could be a scenarios when gas fees is more than the current contract's balance especially on the ETH MAINNET, due to which this function will simply revert the txn.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol#L512
```solidity
    /// @notice Refund any excess ETH sent to the contract.
    /// @dev This function is called after minting tokens to refund any ETH left in the contract after all fees have been collected.
    function _refundExcess() internal {
        if (msg.value > 0 && address(this).balance > 0) {
            msg.sender.safeTransferETH(address(this).balance);
    }
}
```
## Impact
Some user can lose funds while other user can get more funds in return.
## Code Snippet
Consider these Scenarios
**Scenario A:** 
- User A calls the `mint` method
- In the end, he spent $20 more than was needed.
- In a normal scenario, this $20 would have been refunded, but due to gas prices being high as they normally are on the ETH Mainnet,.
- These funds are stuck in the contract.

**Scenario B:**
- User B calls the `mint` method
- In the end, he spent $100 more than was needed.
- This amount is enough to pay for the gas, but the total amount that he would receive ( considering $30 in gas fees) will be:
 >Actual amount :$90 ($100+$20-$30)
 >Expected amount: $70  ($100-$30)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a new mechanism that emits an event whenever user excess funds are stuck in the protocol so that later either `ADMIN` or some new role can refund this and also have an internal accounting system for such excess funds in the `Edition` contract.