Wide Tiger Ostrich

medium

# Unsafe Downcasting in _buildSharesAndTargets Function

## Summary

The `_buildSharesAndTargets` function in the contract is susceptible to unsafe downcasting, potentially leading to unexpected issues in the contract. This vulnerability arises when converting the length of the `attributions` array to a uint32, which may exceed the maximum value for a uint32. To mitigate this risk, it is advisable to implement checks to ensure that the length of `attributions` is within the uint32 range.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability occurs in the `_buildSharesAndTargets` function when converting the length of the `attributions` array to a uint32 using `uint32(attributions.length)`. Since `attributions.length` can take values up to type256.max, there is a risk of exceeding the maximum value for a uint32, leading to unexpected issues or errors in the contract execution.

## Impact

The unsafe downcasting in the `_buildSharesAndTargets` function can result in contract failures, unexpected behavior, or even vulnerabilities that may be exploited by malicious actors. By failing to properly handle the conversion of array lengths, the contract may become vulnerable to attacks or experience disruptions in its functionality.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L478-L481

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L481

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address the unsafe downcasting vulnerability in the `_buildSharesAndTargets` function and ensure the contract's robustness, the following mitigation is recommended:

### Implement Checks for Array Length

Nest a check within the function to ensure that the length of the `attributions` array does not exceed the maximum value for a uint32. If the length exceeds this limit, revert with an error message indicating the issue.

```solidity
function _buildSharesAndTargets(
    Target memory creator,
    Target[] memory attributions,
    uint32 revshareBps
) internal pure returns (address[] memory targets, uint256[] memory shares) {
    if(attributions.length > type(uint32).max // revert with an error message "Attributions length exceeds uint32 max");
    uint32 attributionShares = uint32(attributions.length);
    // Function implementation...
}
```
