Zany Boysenberry Beetle

high

# Protocol does not set gas fees/USDB/WETH to claimable resulting in a loss of funds for the protocol.

## Summary

Existing L2s like Optimism and Arbitrum keep sequencer fees for themselves. Blast redirects sequencer fees to the dapps that induced them, allowing smart contract developers to have an additional source of revenue. In order to claim gas fees, a contract must set its gas mode to Claimable, asides the native gas fees, Blast also has the USDB/WETH yields that it supplies to, however the TITLES Publishing Protocol fails to do configure any of these yields as claimable for all its contracts/modules resulting in a loss of revenue for the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail

From the readMe https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/README.md#L10-L13

```markdown
### Q: On what chains are the smart contracts going to be deployed?

Ethereum, Base, OP, Zora, Blast, Arbitrum, zkSync, Degen

---
```

Evidently, protocol plans on deploying to the blast network, however no yield is configured as claimable for the network, from the Gas, Weth & USDB.

That's to say there should be like an implementation of say a `BlastXGas` contract which can then be inherited on the contracts to be deployed in Blast so as to get access to the yield... none of the contracts/modules implement this, i.e `contract X is XX, BlastGas {`

And then the definition of the contract should be something like the below

```rust
abstract contract BlastGas {

    constructor(address parent_) {
      IBlast(0x4300000000000000000000000000000000000002).configureClaimableGas();
        IBlast(0x4300000000000000000000000000000000000002).configureGovernor(parent_);
        //Then do the same for the USDB/WETH addresses
    }
}
```

So the idea would be to set the parent* as the governor and then claim the rewards via the parent*. Note that inorder to claim the gas rewards, one must first configure the rewards to be claimable. This must be done so the rewards can be claimed for the modules.

Now do note that for the USDB/WETH, unlike ETH where contracts have `Disabled` yield by default, WETH and USDB accounts have `Automatic yield` by default for both EOAs and smart contracts, so this also needs to be explicitly set as "YieldMode.CLAIMAIBLE" as seen in the offficial docs: https://docs.blast.io/building/guides/weth-yield .

## Impact

Loss of monetary value for protocol as they miss out on all USDB, WETH, GAS yields

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/editions/Edition.sol

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/shared/Common.sol

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/graph/TitlesGraph.sol

> TLDR:All modules in protocol to be deployed on blast.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Apply the suggestions hinted in the _Proof Of Concept_, create a contract like the below and inherit it with other to deploy contracts on Blast

```rust
abstract contract BlastGas {

    constructor(address parent_) {
      IBlast(0x4300000000000000000000000000000000000002).configureClaimableGas();
        IBlast(0x4300000000000000000000000000000000000002).configureGovernor(parent_);
        //Then do the same for the USDB/WETH addresses
    }
}
```
Then inherit it into other contracts wrapped and then to deploy on blast