Sleepy Cider Cormorant

medium

# Malicious collection referrer can brick edition

## Summary

Each published edition can have a collection referrer that gets their fee on each mint. However, the logic of the referrer can change and it can start to revert ETH transfers leading to DoS of the edition.

## Vulnerability Detail

When the edition is published in the [`_publish`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L120) function, the collection referrer is set by the publisher.

The referrer will get their fee transferred on each mint in [`_splitProtocolFee`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L412C14-L412C31) (in fact it does not but that's another issue :)). 

However, the referrer can be a contract that changes its logic and starts to revert on ETH transfers, leading to DoS of the edition.

**Important:** Neither publisher nor edition creator has the ability to remove the malicious referrer.

## Impact

The malicious referrer can block minting any new works in their edition.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L120-L149

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/d7f60952df22da00b772db5d3a8272a988546089/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L461-L467

https://github.com/Vectorized/solady/blob/91d5f64b39a4d20a3ce1b5e985103b8ea4dc1cfc/src/utils/SafeTransferLib.sol#L83C1-L91C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adding a function that will allow the creator to remove/change the referrer at later stage.

Additionally:
* Either try to send the fee (function `trySafeTransferETH`) and if it fails, ignore the fee (it's referrer's responsibility to correctly collect fees) or force transfer the fee (function `forceSafeTransferETH`).
* Redesign fees so that they can be withdrawn rather than transferred. While this will significantly reduce the cost of minting, it will require securing the funds of fee recipients.

