Stale Silver Troll

medium

# Reentrancy Vulnerabilities in TitlesCore.sol

## Summary

The contract `TitlesCore` is susceptible to reentrancy attacks in several places. While it uses the `nonReentrant` modifier from OpenZeppelin, this is not applied consistently, and missing in several function calls. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Re-entrancy vulnerabilities occur when a function calls another function (either external or internal) in such a way as to allow new requests to the original function to be processed before the original function's processing is completed. This allows an attacker to potentially manipulate state variables and drain the contract's balance.

## Impact

For example, in the `publish` function there's an external call to `edition_.publish` which can change the state of the contract. If the `edition_` contract has a bug or malicious code, it could reenter into the `TitlesCore.publish` function and changes could be made on the unchecked state.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/TitlesCore.sol#L126-L148

```solidity
// wake-disable-next-line reentrancy
tokenId = edition_.publish(
    work_.creator.target,
    work_.maxSupply,
    work_.opensAt,
    work_.closesAt,
    work_.attributions,
    work_.strategy,
    work_.metadata
);

// wake-disable-next-line reentrancy
feeManager.collectCreationFee{value: msg.value}(edition_, tokenId, msg.sender);

// wake-disable-next-line reentrancy
Target memory feeReceiver = feeManager.createRoute(
    edition_, tokenId, _attributionTargets(work_.attributions), referrer_
);

// wake-disable-next-line reentrancy
edition_.setRoyaltyTarget(tokenId, feeReceiver.target);
```

Each of these calls are followed by the comment `wake-disable-next-line reentrancy`, indicating that reentrancy checks have been deliberately disabled on the next line.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Ensure the `nonReentrant` modifier is consistently used, especially when making external function calls that can affect contract state. Secondly, always take actions in the following order: 1) Decrease balance 2) Change state 3) External Calls.

