Stale Silver Troll

medium

# Potential Overflows in Fee Calculation

## Summary

The fee calculation done within the `_collectMintFee` function could potentially result in significant losses due to the issue of overflow. This can occur when the calculated protocol share plus or minus the referrer's share and the creation and mint referrers' shares exceed the capacity of a uint256 variable.

## Vulnerability Detail

Overflow issues occur under conditions where the sum of `mintFee` and `protocolFlatFee` for each token multiplied by `quantity` evaluated within the `_collectMintFee` function exceeds the maximum value allowed for a uint256 (2^256-1). 

## Impact

Since there are no checks on these parameters, anyone can call the `_collectMintFee` function to transfer inappropriately large amounts.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-titles/blob/main/wallflower-contract-v2/src/fees/FeeManager.sol#L397-L405

```solidity
else {
   protocolShare = protocolFee;
}
_feeReceivers[getRouteId(edition_, tokenId_)],
_payer_
);
uint256 referrerShare =
_splitProtocolFee(edition_, fee_.asset, protocolShare, payer_, referrer_);
emit FeeCollected(address(edition_), tokenId_, fee_.asset, fee_.amount, referrerShare);
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The issue can be mitigated by adding appropriate checks and limits to the calculated values involved in `_collectMintFee` function. 

You should:
1. Ensure that the sum of `mintFee` and the `protocolFlatFee` for each token does not exceed the maximum allowable value of the uint256 variable when multiplied by the `quantity`.
2. Ensure that the total `protocolShare` does not exceed the maximum allowable value of the uint256 variable.
3. Add checks to ensure the `mintFee`, `protocolFlatFee`, and `quantity` are within expected limits (not excessively large or negative).
4. Validate the returned `referrerShare` value to be within desired limits and does not lead to overflow conditions.
5. If necessary, considered the use of the SafeMath library to handle arithmetic operations safely in Solidity.